Ipa interface overview (#1)
KevinUTAT/oneAPI-samples_wenkaixu_fork: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/Tutorials/Features/IPAuthoring_interfaces_overview/naive/README.md

# Naive Design
This example demonstrate a naive implementation of a simple vector addition kernel. 

> This design will show interfaces that is invoked by default by the Intel icpx compiler.

Reviewer: This simple vector add implementation is similar to the one presented in the [fpga_compile](LINK PLEASE) code sample. It demonstrates a kernel that uses a register-mapped invocation interface, and a single shared memory-mapped host data interface. These are the default interfaces that are selected by the Intel® oneAPI DDPC++/C++ Compiler, and therefore this is the only design that can support the full-system compilation flow.

> 

Reviewer: https://intel-my.sharepoint.com/personal/paul_white_intel_com/Documents/Documentation/HLS%20Docs/kernel-top-levels.vsdx?web=1

there should be a picture in here in the 'Naive' tab you can use:
![image](https://github.com/KevinUTAT/oneAPI-samples_wenkaixu_fork/assets/86071037/1e8f3080-d58a-437d-8df1-c14ed1cb9205)

## Invocation Interface

> By default, an un-decorated oneAPI kernel will have all its control signals and arguments passed through an MM-Agent interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, an un-decorated oneAPI kernel will have all its control signals and arguments mapped into the IP component's control/status register (CSR).
```

## Data Interface

> By default, all the pointer members `A_in`, `B_in`, `C_in` are implemented with MM Host interfaces.

Reviewer 2: 'C_out'

> By default, all the pointer members `A_in`, `B_in`, `C_in` are implemented with MM Host interfaces.
> 
> And the non-pointer member `len` is implemented with MM Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the pointer arguments `A_in`, `B_in`, `C_in` and scalar argument `len` are passed through the IP component's CSR. The IP component accesses the data pointed to by the pointers through a single memory-mapped host interface.
```
